So now we got started with custom actions
to be precise with building custom composite actions.
As you learned, that's just one kind of action
you can build though and we're now going to continue
by building a custom JavaScript action as a next step.
Now, one important note about that, of course
you need JavaScript knowledge to develop JavaScript actions
but you can still follow along here in this course
if you don't have any JavaScript knowledge,
because we're not going to write a complex action
and I am going to provide the key code to you.
So back here in the project,
in order to get started with that next action,
I'm going to create a new folder under my actions folder
in the dot GitHub folder so it's going to be another
local action here.
And here I'll name it, deploy-S3-javascript.
Now what this action will do is it will take
the built website code and upload it to Amazon S3,
which is a service offered by AWS, Amazon Web Services,
that can be used for hosting static websites.
Now, this is not an AWS course.
I do have a separate course about that
if you wanna learn more about AWS
and get started with it and even get AWS certified.
But for this course, you don't need any AWS knowledge
and you also don't have to create an account
if you don't wanna follow along.
You're still going to learn all about GitHub actions
and custom JavaScript actions even without having
an AWS account.
If you do wanna follow along step-by-step though
you can create such an account.
You will need a credit card for that though.
And then in that account, we're soon going to create
an S3 bucket, as it will be called,
which will then later be used for storing the website files.
But this will be one of the next steps.
As a first step, it's just important to create this folder
in the actions folder and in there
create an action.yml file because that's always needed
no matter which kind of action you're building.